docs/book/strategy.md, before:

# Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy

You can add `Zend\Hydrator\Strategy\StrategyInterface` to any of the hydrators
(except if it extends `Zend\Hydrator\AbstractHydrator` or implements
`Zend\Hydrator\HydratorInterface` and `Zend\Hydrator\Strategy\StrategyEnabledInterface`)
to manipulate the way how they behave on `extract()` and `hydrate()` for
specific key / value pairs. This is the interface that needs to be implemented:

```php
namespace Zend\Hydrator\Strategy;

interface StrategyInterface
{
     /**
      * Converts the given value so that it can be extracted by the hydrator.
      *
      * @param mixed $value The original value.
      * @return mixed Returns the value that should be extracted.
      */
     public function extract($value);

     /**
      * Converts the given value so that it can be hydrated by the hydrator.
      *
      * @param mixed $value The original value.
      * @return mixed Returns the value that should be hydrated.
      */
     public function hydrate($value);
}
```

This interface is similar to `Zend\Hydrator\HydratorInterface`; the reason
is that strategies provide a proxy implementation for `hydrate()` and `extract()`.

## Adding strategies to the hydrators

To allow strategies within your hydrator, `Zend\Hydrator\Strategy\StrategyEnabledInterface`
provides the following methods:

```php
namespace Zend\Hydrator;

use Zend\Hydrator\Strategy\StrategyInterface;

interface StrategyEnabledInterface
{
    /**
     * Adds the given strategy under the given name.
     *
     * @param string $name The name of the strategy to register.
     * @param StrategyInterface $strategy The strategy to register.
     * @return HydratorInterface
     */
    public function addStrategy($name, StrategyInterface $strategy);

    /**
     * Gets the strategy with the given name.
     *
     * @param string $name The name of the strategy to get.
     * @return StrategyInterface
     */
    public function getStrategy($name);

    /**
     * Checks if the strategy with the given name exists.
     *
     * @param string $name The name of the strategy to check for.
     * @return bool
     */
    public function hasStrategy($name);

    /**
     * Removes the strategy with the given name.
     *
     * @param string $name The name of the strategy to remove.
     * @return HydratorInterface
     */
    public function removeStrategy($name);
}
```

Every hydrator shipped by default provides this functionality;
`AbstractHydrator` fully implements it as well. As such, if you want to use this
functionality in your own hydrators, you should extend `AbstractHydrator`.

## Available implementations

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\BooleanStrategy

This strategy converts values into Booleans and vice versa. It expects two
arguments at the constructor, which are used to define value maps for `true` and
`false`.

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\ClosureStrategy

This is a strategy that allows you to pass in options for:

- `hydrate`, a callback to be called when hydrating a value, and
- `extract`, a callback to be called when extracting a value.

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\DateTimeFormatterStrategy

`DateTimeFormatterStrategy` provides bidirectional conversion between strings
and DateTime instances. The input and output formats can be provided as
constructor arguments.

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\DefaultStrategy

The `DefaultStrategy` simply proxies everything through, without performing any
conversion of values.

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\ExplodeStrategy

This strategy is a wrapper around PHP's `implode()` and `explode()` functions.
The delimiter and a limit can be provided to the constructor; the limit will
only be used for `extract` operations.

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\SerializableStrategy

`SerializableStrategy` provides the functionality backing
`Zend\Hydrator\ArraySerializable`. You can use it with custom implementations
for `Zend\Serializer\Adapter\AdapterInterface` if you want to as well.

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\StrategyChain

This strategy takes an array of `StrategyInterface` instances and iterates
over them when performing `extract()` and `hydrate()` operations. Each operates
on the return value of the previous, allowing complex operations based on
smaller, single-purpose strategies.

## Writing custom strategies

The following example, while not terribly useful, will provide you with the
basics for writing your own strategies, as well as provide ideas as to where and
when to use them. This strategy simply transforms the value for the defined key
using `str_rot13()` during both the `extract()` and `hydrate()` operations:

```php
class Rot13Strategy implements StrategyInterface
{
    public function extract($value)
    {
        return str_rot13($value);
    }

    public function hydrate($value)
    {
        return str_rot13($value);
    }
}
```

This is the example class with which we want to use the hydrator example:

```php
class Foo
{
    protected $foo = null;
    protected $bar = null;

    public function getFoo()
    {
        return $this->foo;
    }

    public function setFoo($foo)
    {
        $this->foo = $foo;
    }

    public function getBar()
    {
        return $this->bar;
    }

    public function setBar($bar)
    {
        $this->bar = $bar;
    }
}
```

Now, we'll add the `rot13` strategy to the method `getFoo()` and `setFoo($foo)`:

```php
$foo = new Foo();
$foo->setFoo('bar');
$foo->setBar('foo');

$hydrator = new ClassMethods();
$hydrator->addStrategy('foo', new Rot13Strategy());
```

When you use the hydrator to extract an array for the object `$foo`, you'll
receive the following:

```php
$extractedArray = $hydrator->extract($foo);

// array(2) {
//     ["foo"]=>
//     string(3) "one"
//     ["bar"]=>
//     string(3) "foo"
// }
```

And when hydrating a new `Foo` instance:

```php
$hydrator->hydrate($extractedArray, $foo)

// object(Foo)#2 (2) {
//   ["foo":protected]=>
//   string(3) "bar"
//   ["bar":protected]=>
//   string(3) "foo"
// }
```

Commit message:

Adds note to DateTimeFormatterStrategy regarding allowed format special characters

docs/book/strategy.md, after:

# Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy

You can add `Zend\Hydrator\Strategy\StrategyInterface` to any of the hydrators
(except if it extends `Zend\Hydrator\AbstractHydrator` or implements
`Zend\Hydrator\HydratorInterface` and `Zend\Hydrator\Strategy\StrategyEnabledInterface`)
to manipulate the way how they behave on `extract()` and `hydrate()` for
specific key / value pairs. This is the interface that needs to be implemented:

```php
namespace Zend\Hydrator\Strategy;

interface StrategyInterface
{
     /**
      * Converts the given value so that it can be extracted by the hydrator.
      *
      * @param mixed $value The original value.
      * @return mixed Returns the value that should be extracted.
      */
     public function extract($value);

     /**
      * Converts the given value so that it can be hydrated by the hydrator.
      *
      * @param mixed $value The original value.
      * @return mixed Returns the value that should be hydrated.
      */
     public function hydrate($value);
}
```

This interface is similar to `Zend\Hydrator\HydratorInterface`; the reason
is that strategies provide a proxy implementation for `hydrate()` and `extract()`.

## Adding strategies to the hydrators

To allow strategies within your hydrator, `Zend\Hydrator\Strategy\StrategyEnabledInterface`
provides the following methods:

```php
namespace Zend\Hydrator;

use Zend\Hydrator\Strategy\StrategyInterface;

interface StrategyEnabledInterface
{
    /**
     * Adds the given strategy under the given name.
     *
     * @param string $name The name of the strategy to register.
     * @param StrategyInterface $strategy The strategy to register.
     * @return HydratorInterface
     */
    public function addStrategy($name, StrategyInterface $strategy);

    /**
     * Gets the strategy with the given name.
     *
     * @param string $name The name of the strategy to get.
     * @return StrategyInterface
     */
    public function getStrategy($name);

    /**
     * Checks if the strategy with the given name exists.
     *
     * @param string $name The name of the strategy to check for.
     * @return bool
     */
    public function hasStrategy($name);

    /**
     * Removes the strategy with the given name.
     *
     * @param string $name The name of the strategy to remove.
     * @return HydratorInterface
     */
    public function removeStrategy($name);
}
```

Every hydrator shipped by default provides this functionality;
`AbstractHydrator` fully implements it as well. As such, if you want to use this
functionality in your own hydrators, you should extend `AbstractHydrator`.

## Available implementations

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\BooleanStrategy

This strategy converts values into Booleans and vice versa. It expects two
arguments at the constructor, which are used to define value maps for `true` and
`false`.

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\ClosureStrategy

This is a strategy that allows you to pass in options for:

- `hydrate`, a callback to be called when hydrating a value, and
- `extract`, a callback to be called when extracting a value.

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\DateTimeFormatterStrategy

`DateTimeFormatterStrategy` provides bidirectional conversion between strings
and DateTime instances. The input and output formats can be provided as
constructor arguments.

As of version 2.4.1, this strategy now allows `DateTime` formats that use `!` to
prepend the format, or `|` or `+` to append it; these ensure that, during
hydration, the new `DateTime` instance created will set the time element
accordingly. As a specific example, `Y-m-d|` will drop the time component,
ensuring comparisons are based on a midnight time value.

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\DefaultStrategy

The `DefaultStrategy` simply proxies everything through, without performing any
conversion of values.

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\ExplodeStrategy

This strategy is a wrapper around PHP's `implode()` and `explode()` functions.
The delimiter and a limit can be provided to the constructor; the limit will
only be used for `extract` operations.

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\SerializableStrategy

`SerializableStrategy` provides the functionality backing
`Zend\Hydrator\ArraySerializable`. You can use it with custom implementations
for `Zend\Serializer\Adapter\AdapterInterface` if you want to as well.

### Zend\\Hydrator\\Strategy\\StrategyChain

This strategy takes an array of `StrategyInterface` instances and iterates
over them when performing `extract()` and `hydrate()` operations. Each operates
on the return value of the previous, allowing complex operations based on
smaller, single-purpose strategies.

## Writing custom strategies

The following example, while not terribly useful, will provide you with the
basics for writing your own strategies, as well as provide ideas as to where and
when to use them. This strategy simply transforms the value for the defined key
using `str_rot13()` during both the `extract()` and `hydrate()` operations:

```php
class Rot13Strategy implements StrategyInterface
{
    public function extract($value)
    {
        return str_rot13($value);
    }

    public function hydrate($value)
    {
        return str_rot13($value);
    }
}
```

This is the example class with which we want to use the hydrator example:

```php
class Foo
{
    protected $foo = null;
    protected $bar = null;

    public function getFoo()
    {
        return $this->foo;
    }

    public function setFoo($foo)
    {
        $this->foo = $foo;
    }

    public function getBar()
    {
        return $this->bar;
    }

    public function setBar($bar)
    {
        $this->bar = $bar;
    }
}
```

Now, we'll add the `rot13` strategy to the method `getFoo()` and `setFoo($foo)`:

```php
$foo = new Foo();
$foo->setFoo('bar');
$foo->setBar('foo');

$hydrator = new ClassMethods();
$hydrator->addStrategy('foo', new Rot13Strategy());
```

When you use the hydrator to extract an array for the object `$foo`, you'll
receive the following:

```php
$extractedArray = $hydrator->extract($foo);

// array(2) {
//     ["foo"]=>
//     string(3) "one"
//     ["bar"]=>
//     string(3) "foo"
// }
```

And when hydrating a new `Foo` instance:

```php
$hydrator->hydrate($extractedArray, $foo)

// object(Foo)#2 (2) {
//   ["foo":protected]=>
//   string(3) "bar"
//   ["bar":protected]=>
//   string(3) "foo"
// }
```
